EHN improve the documentation of OneHotEncoder for if_binary (#16428)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/modules/preprocessing.rst

This is useful to avoid co-linearity in the input matrix in some classifiers.
Such functionality is useful, for example, when using non-regularized
regression (:class:`LinearRegression <sklearn.linear_model.LinearRegression>`),
since co-linearity would cause the covariance matrix to be non-invertible.

> When this paramenter is not None, ``handle_unknown`` must be set to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When this parameter is not None, ``handle_unknown`` must be set to
```

``error``::

    >>> X = [['male', 'from US', 'uses Safari'],
    ...      ['female', 'from Europe', 'uses Firefox']]
    >>> drop_enc = preprocessing.OneHotEncoder(drop='first').fit(X)
    >>> drop_enc.categories_
    [array(['female', 'male'], dtype=object), array(['from Europe', 'from US'], dtype=object), array(['uses Firefox', 'uses Safari'], dtype=object)]
    >>> drop_enc.transform(X).toarray()
    array([[1., 1., 1.],
           [0., 0., 0.]])

> One might want to only drop one of the column only for feature with only 2

Reviewer: We might want to remove 1 or 2 out of these 3 "only" :)

> One might want to drop one of the column only for feature with 2 categories.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
One might want to drop one of the two columns only for features with 2 categories.
```

categories. In this case, you can set the parameter `drop='if_binary'`.

    >>> X = [['male', 'from US', 'uses Safari'],
    ...      ['female', 'from Europe', 'uses Firefox'],

>     ...      ['female', 'from Asia', 'uses Chrome']]

Reviewer: Maybe remove "from" and "uses" to make it more realistic. We can use pandas in documentation if we need labels, can't we?
